Leaving the interrogation room behind, I returned to my own  room.The stench of the Prissoner's blood, sweat, and bodily   fluids clung to my entire body...
I returned to my room in the Intelligence Division. Even     though I had to start interrogations immediately, my body    refused to obey, overcome by exhaustion.
But there was no time to rest. I had to hurry...
After finishing Mitsuko's interrogation, I returned to my ownroom. The content of Mitsuko's confession was utterly shocking...
If what she said is to be believed, it's something significant enough to destroy the credibility of one of the major corporations ruling Japan.
Before going to Sakata Neotech, I'll have to consult with Anna and Kato. I can't decide this on my own.
Then again, what could Kato possibly do? They say the military and Sakata Neotech have close ties...
Still, I have no choice but to consult them. This is also a highly political issue. It's not a matter that would end with just my head on the line.
I returned to my private office within the Intelligence Division.
　Save　
　Move　
　File 1　
　File 2　
　File 3　
　File 4　
　File 5　
Successfully saved to File 1. 
Successfully saved to File 2.
Successfully saved to File 3.
Successfully saved to File 4.
Successfully saved to File 5.
Anna's Office
Anna's Room
Outside
Inside the desk are the case files I received from Kato. But I doubt the military knows more about the case than I do.
If he did, he wouldn't have gone out of his way to assign theinvestigation to someone he dislike like me. It's less usefulthan the bed next to it.
I should forget about the desk and terminal. More            importantly, I want to start torturing those prisoners       soon...
The reports and documents inside the desk, as well as the    information in the database, all originate from the military.There shouldn't be anything useful.
Kato not revealing anything about the core of the case means the military has decided to go along with that policy...
If that's the case, then the contents of the database are    predictable. Obtaining the information they're trying to hideis impossible for someone like me who isn't a hacker.
Inside the desk are the case files I received from Kato. But I doubt the military knows more about the case than I do.
April
Lei-Fa
Nana
Mitsuko
Eriko
Priss
Cancel
I recovered the chip April hid. I don't know what's inside   it, but the military will analyze it.
It probably contains information they stole from the         military. There's nothing more to get from April now.
I can't interrogate April until I recapture her. Eriko said  she's still hiding information...
I've already interrogated April. I don't believe she knows   anything more, further questioning would be pointless.
Eriko said she recorded secret information in Lei-Fa's       tattoo. So I just need to photograph the tattoo...
I can't interrogate Lei-Fa until I recapture her. Eriko said she had information hidden within the tattoo...
I've already interrogated Lei-Fa. I don't believe she knows  anything more, further questioning would be pointless.
I've already pampered Nana enough. More importantly, there's someone else I need to interrogate...
Nana is on the run. I can't interrogate her.
Mitsuko has no tolerance for pain and confesses with         surPrissing ease. She probably isn't hiding anything else.
Mitsuko is on the run. I can't interrogate her.
I've already gotten enough information from Mitsuko. There's no point in going any further.
Eriko is practically my slave now. It was surPrissing she was a genuine masochist, but further interrogation would be      pointless.
Eriko is on the run. I can't interrogate her.
I wonder what kind of screams Eriko will make... She doesn't seem particularly resilient, and she probably might break    down surPrissingly easily.
It's clear Prisss knows more than the other five prisoners.   Interrogating her would reveal everything about the incident.
Before interrogating Priss, we should uncover what April and Lei-Fa are hiding...
The lights illuminating the city from far above are barely   effective, obscured by thick clouds.
The city, already perpetually night-time, has grown even     darker. Times like this usually see a sharp rise in violent  crimes.
Outside the window, a small park holds a protest group       voicing grievances, shouting strange cries toward the        Intelligence Division building.
Hardly anything reaches my room, and I doubt they'd resort   to force-meaning it has almost no impact.
Yet, these kinds of protests and even more uncontrollable    terrorist acts keep increasing. It seems the military's      control is beginning to show cracks...
The lights illuminating the city from far above are barely   effective, obscured by thick clouds.
My mission was nearing its end. I had recovered the stolen   information. All that remained was to capture the mastermind behind the incident.
Before I interrogated Eriko, I thought she was the real      mastermind behind the incident. But now, I believe Priss usedher.
I strongly suspect April, Lei-Fa, and the other Prisoners    stole military secrets, presumably on Priss's orders. The    motive, however, remains unclear to me.
The tattoo on Lei-Fa's back looked like it depicted the      Matrix, or perhaps an electronic circuit diagram.
I couldn't understand what it meant, but the military would  have come up with a satisfactory conclusion.
Before I interrogated Eriko, I thought she was the real      mastermind behind the incident. But now, I believe Priss usedher.
I suspect April, Lei-Fa, and the other Prisoners stole       military secrets on Priss's orders. However, the motive      remains unclear to me.
The chip April had hidden inside her body was handed over to the military. We'll receive the analysis results soon.
It likely contain the stolen military secrets. Whether Kato will reveal its contents to me remains unclear...
Before I interrogated Eriko, I thought she was the real      mastermind behind the incident. But now, I believe Priss usedher.
I suspect April, Lei-Fa, and the other Prisoners stole       military secrets on Priss's orders. However, the motive      remains unclear to me.
Before interrogating Priss, I'll interrogate April and       Lei-Fa. I already know they're still hiding information.
I know their weaknesses, so it shouldn't be too difficult.    I really want to make Pris suffer as much as possible...
Before capturing the other escaped prisoners, I'll try the  lead to contact Priss, the secret police officer I found out about from Eriko.
Regardless, I have no way of finding the other five anyway.  Priss probably doesn't know about me yet.
The fact that prisoners have gotten away not once, but twice,can only mean there's someone within the Intelligence        Division helping them out..
At this rate, it's pointless for me to arrest the prisoners. Unless I find the traitor within, they'll just keep escaping again and again.
Before capturing the other escaped prisoners, I'll try the  lead to contact Priss, the secret police officer I found out about from Eriko.
I wonder if Sakata, the president of Sakata Neotech, handed  Eriko over because she's mixed-race...
I'll interrogate Eriko quickly. That should uncover the wholetruth behind this case. My mission will be complete.
After torturing Mitsuko, I learned that the mastermind behindthe incident, the one who organized April and the others, wasa woman named Eriko...
First, I must capture and interrogate Eriko. However, Sakata is one of Japan's leading corporate conglomerates.
ZZZ Among the Corporation, who value honor above all else, having a mixed-blood child like Eriko must have been a source of embarrassment. Eriko may have caused the incident to take revenge on her father and his bloodline.
She's not someone someone like me can take on. Even with     military backing, it won't be easy...
First, I must capture and interrogate Eriko. If she is the   mastermind behind the incident, then my mission will be      accomplished.
