Leaving the interrogation room behind, I returned to my own  room.The stench of the prisoner's blood, sweat, and bodily   fluids clung to my entire body...
I returned to my room in the Intelligence Division. Even     though I had to start interrogations immediately, my body    refused to obey, overcome by exhaustion.
But there was no time to rest. I had to hurry...
This was my room within the Intelligence Division.
Leaving behind the interrogation room -a prison in name only-I returned to my own room. As planned, I had arrested and    interrogated April and Lei-Fa.
But I hadn't gained much useful information... Were they bothmerely tools of the mastermind behind the incident?
The only clue left to me is that the third prisoner, Nana.   that had escaped to Chiba. So what should I do?
Save
Move
File 1
File 2
File 3
File 4
File 5
Saved
Saved
Saved
Saved
Saved
Anna's Office
Anna's Room　　
　　　Exit
The reports and records in the desk drawer, as well as the   information in the database, all originate from the military.There shouldn't be anything useful.
Kato not revealing anything about the core of the case means the military has decided to go along with that policy...
If that's the case, then the contents of the database are    predictable. Obtaining the information they're trying to hideis impossible for someone like me who isn't a hacker.
Inside the desk are the case files I received from Kato. But I doubt the military knows more about the case than I do.
If he did, he wouldn't have gone out of his way to assign theinvestigation to someone he dislike like me. It's less usefulthan the bed next to it.
The reports and documents inside the desk, as well as the    information in the database, all originate from the military.There shouldn't be anything useful.
Inside are various tools used for torture. Each one was      personally selected by me to inflict the utmost pain and     humiliation on prisoners.
But without the crucial prisoner, I can't use these tools.   I must complete a difficult mission before the fun begins.
It's about time to start the interrogation. My long-awaited  fun time. Now, the prisoner interrogate is...
Nana　　　　
Mitsuko　　　 
Cancel　　 
Let's interrogate Nana. She's just an ex soldier, merely an  operator. A little pain will make her confess everything.
But if things go too smoothly, my enjoyment will be halved.  After thoroughly torturing her...
I've already extracted Mitsuko's location from Nana. I doubt she knows anything more.
Let's interrogate Mitsuko. She seems to be the one who       recruited the other three prisoners. I can't believe she     doesn't know anything...
Outside the window, a small park holds a protest group       voicing grievances, shouting strange cries toward the        Intelligence Division building.
Hardly anything reaches my room, and I doubt they'd resort   to force-meaning it has almost no impact.
But these kinds of protests, and even more uncontrollable    terrorist acts keep increasing. It seems the military's      control is starting to show cracks...
The lights illuminating the city from far above are barely   effective, obscured by thick clouds.
The city, already perpetually night-time, has grown even     darker. Times like this usually see a sharp rise in violent  crimes.
The lights illuminating the city from far above are barely   effective, obscured by thick clouds.
The testimonies of the other three prisoners confirm that    Mitsuko was the one who suggested stealing military secrets.
However, it's also clear someone was manipulating them behindthe scenes. Mitsuko must know who that person is.
I feel like I'm finally starting to grasp the rhythm and     color dominating this entire incident. At this rate, my      mission should be over soon.
Interrogating Mitsuko should reveal the existence of the     mastermind manipulating them behind the scenes.
Nana arranged to meet Mitsuko on the subway connecting Tokyo and Chiba. Going there should allow us to capture Mitsuko.
Unlike April or Lei-Fa, Nana is just a former soldier. Tortureshould make her talk easily...
Did Anna know Morii? She said to go to Morii's shop...
The woman we met at that shady shop in Chiba, Mori... Seems  Mori is quite a well-known figure in Chiba's underworld.
She seemed to know something about the two of them too. But  the authority of the military or intelligence agencies holds no influence in Chiba.
Using force doesn't seem like a good idea against that woman either... How can I get Mori to talk?
Mori seems to know something about Nana and Mitsuko. Even if not, she can get information in Chiba. I must find a way to  win her over.
According to what April and Lei-Fa said, the one who         recruited them was Mitsuko, who used to be a secretary to a  high-ranking military official.
And Mitsuko and Nana were lovers. The story that they were   hiding out together in Chiba didn't seem entirely false.
The next thing I had to do is capture Nana and Mitsuko. They seemed to have fled into Chiba City. But...
Chiba is a lawless city abandoned by the government and the  military. Not only is there no way to find them, but even my own life is at risk...
The next thing I had to do is capture Nana and Mitsuko. They seemed to have fled into Chiba City. But...
