I returned to my room from the interrogation room, a name    that barely fit that underground dungeon. Fatigue seemed to  cling to every inch of my body...
I returned to my room in the Intelligence Division. The      prisoner was in the interrogation room, so I should start    interrogating her soonest possible. She might escape again.
I returned to my room in the Intelligence Division. For a    while, I would be going back and forth between this room and the city.
I returned to my room in the Intelligence Division. For a    while, I'll be going back and forth between this room and thecity.
Until all prisoners are arrested and interrogated, I can't goanywhere else. If I did, I'd be the one being hunted.
When dealing with the military, a small fry like me shouldn'teven be allowed to complain. Now, what should I do next...
   Save   
  Travel  
    File 1    
    File 2    
    File 3    
    File 4    
    File 5    
Successfully saved to File 1.
Successfully saved to File 2.
Successfully saved to File 3.
Successfully saved to File 4.
Successfully saved to File 5.
   Anna's Office   
    Anna's Room    
      Outside      
My room differs somewhat from the typical office of an       Intelligence Division member.
The desk and chair essential to most Intelligence Division   members are nothing but space-wasting nuisances to me.
The terminal on the desk is the same. It's bound to be       monitored anyway. Using it is like handing information to theenemy.
An old desk and chair, as worn as the room itself, are placedthere. I hardly ever use them myself, they're probably just  for appearances.
Desk work doesn't suit me, and I don't consider it my job.
Desk work doesn't suit me, and I don't consider it my job.
It contains various torture tools used during interrogations.Each one was personally selected by me to inflict the utmost pain and humiliation upon prisoners.
However, without the prisoner present, I can't use them. I   must complete a difficult mission before the fun begins.
It's about time to begin the interrogation. The long-awaited fun time. Now, the prisoner I'll be interrogating is...
　　　　April    
　　　　Lei-Fa   
　　　　Cancel   
I'll interrogate April. She's a former special forces member,not someone to be taken lightly.
She's likely developed a tolerance for pain. I'll thoroughly torture and make her understand who her master is...
I've interrogated April thoroughly enough. Pushing her       further won't get anything out of her, and now she is already    become a broken shell.
Let's interrogate Lei-Fa. My body burn hot just by Imagining that cheeky Chinese girl screaming in agony...
I wonder if she Will give me plenty of pleasure... I will    torture Lei-Fa until she cries out in shame.
Lei-Fa has already been interrogated. Pushing her further    won't get anything out of her.
The sky is still cloudy outside the window, and it looks likeit might start raining at any moment. The humid air is       seeping into the room.
Below, the park showed no signs of life. The winter-withered grass created a deeply melancholy atmosphere. A depressing   sight that dampened the mood...
Outside the window is a small park. The area where the Intelligence Division office stood is right in the city center. Thewasteful use of land has come under criticism.
Apparently, this area was originally a military garrison.    Until a large base was built in Ichigaya, it was responsible for maintaining order in the imperial capital.
If we dig up the ground around here, we'll probably find an  unexploded bomb or two, or maybe even a human corpse...
The sky is still cloudy outside the window, and it looks likeit might start raining at any moment. The humid air is       seeping into the room.
I'll interrogate April first. She might hold the key to      solving this entire case.
Even if that fails, I need to find a clue to arrest Lei-Fa ordiscover the third prisoner.
I can't believe that April could have withstood my torture.  I wonder if she really didn't know anything...
I've arrested the second prisoner, Lei-Fa. Interrogating her might yield some information.
I've arrested both prisoners. Interrogating them should      reveal some classified information.
I've arrested Lei-Fa. Interrogating her might uncover the keyto solving the entire case.
I can't believe that Reifa could have withstood my torture. I wonder if she really didn't know anything...
Lei-Fa said nothing. I have to do something about April. No  matter what, I have to do something...
First, I must arrest either April or Lei-Fa. Both are former special forces. Normally, they're opponents I couldn't hope  to defeat...
My only slight advantage I have is the mark carved into that prisoner and the performance of my goggles. I'll have to takethem down before they notice me.
